this is something I mentioned last week
there's a new pumpkin spice flavored
food item pumpkin spice spam that went
on sale yesterday I know and or already
it's sold out in less than seven hours
it completely sold out and for those who
weren't able to get your hands on any
Hormel is reassuring a customers that
don't worry it'll be available again
when you get to hell so spam the company
tweeted this yesterday is it turns out
it was pretty popular what are you
cooking up with your spam pumpkin spice
if you didn't get your hands on any we
have 15 other flavorful varieties there
are 15 varieties of and there are 15
varieties of hepatitis I didn't know
there's anyone who willingly purchased
this product is a sick disturbed
individual with no regard for his or her
own well-being which is a long way of
saying I got some I bought some spam I'm
very well-connected in the canned meat
community and I'm gonna try it
and so Guillermo please bring in the
pumpkin spiced spam yes you have yes
well no but another flavor when I was
well no you're not the no one's had it
because it's brand new okay oh it's so
appetizing it definitely smells like dog
food okay alright okay so that's spam a
lot of people have never even tried spam
and I'm gonna tell you something that
kind of like spam I'm okay with it I've
had it and I'm gonna fry this up which
is the way you're supposed to eat it
make some extra here for the audience
and we can have some people try
it's like the world's worst cooking show
already I am smelling a pumpkiny flavor
here
are you I don't smell anything don't
smell anything really well maybe your
mustache is growing too long you don't
smell anything at all no really no maybe
because my nose is broken it's kinda
yeah I don't have to trim that nose here
all right now we just want it's already
cooked in the can just part one of the
wonderful things about spam and so oh it
smells like we're cooking a candle here
you really don't smell that no really no
all right okay so here we go oh you
can't see it really but it looks like
that and we're just gonna just warm it
up just a little bit yeah yeah yeah sure
okay yeah all right okay are you ready
yeah it's the moment of truth
tell my family I love them can we get a
drum roll please all right
[Music]
that's for you Guillermo
and what do you think I don't like it I
don't want you like it
the client tastes like if a pig had sex
with a pumpkin it's not that bad
hey but it's not good either tell me
what you think of this
just put that in your mouth you're an
unbiased observer right have you ever
had spam okay all right this is your
aunt
yeah it's gooey yeah yeah not too bad
all right well as two other three then
but it's not easy to see that is good no
no look it's meat in a can
how good could it be it label this will
be around well after we're dead oh you
can't have it all right Thank You
Jeremiah and thanks to the folks at spam
hey we have music from Morgan walling
Alison Coleman is here and we'll be
right back with
Bob Thornton so stick around
[Applause]
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it